# This program takes a bunch of data from separate lists and combine them into a single csv, then use that csv to obtain several (read:140 or so) 2-state transition curves.
1) The data comes out in the following format: A dozen or so list files entitled 'X' bar.list, where X is a value between 1 and 3000 or so.  This file contains 4 columns: Assignment, w1 and w2 which are coordinates, and the Intensity value.  The program takes all these list files, and plots Intensity as a function of X for each of those assignments.  See Arf1_HPNMR_04_22.xlsx for an example.
2) Next is a fit of each of these to a 2-state transition function.  The function is given as I(x) = [I(0) + I(inf) + Ku*e^(dV*x)]/[1+Ku*e^(dV*X)].  I here is intensity.  You'll note that nowhere do we actually give it a value that represents I(0) nor I(inf).  Generally what we've found is to set I(0) to the average of the first two points +5% and I(inf) should be zero, but the program prompts users to do that.  Ku and dV are allowed to float such that the fit is optimized.  Currently we use a least-squared regression based curve fit. In order to give the algorithm some initial values, users are prompted to enter an initial guess for Ku and dV as well.
3) Once this curve fitting is done, because we are comparing all of these curves to each other, the program normalizes the raw and fit data to I(0).  Now we should have: I(0) (and its associated error if it was allowed to float), Ku (and its associated error), dV (and its associated error), the raw and normalized data, the raw and normalized fit, and the difference between them.  Currently, we have the first several printing out in a file with a 'p' at the end for parameters. We have the raw/normalized data printing out in a file with an 'r' at the end, for results.
